1. Create an analogy for the relationship between a model, view and a controller?

	View is straight forward this is where we keep all html related files which users see.

	Model is related to database

	Controller is where we keep the logic which help us communicate between view and model.

2. Name all 4 types of http method names and which CRUD letters match with those method names.

	C = Post
	R = Get
	U = Put or Patch
	D = Delete

3. Why do we use database migrations? What problem does it solve?

	Database migrations create Schema
	Gives you the ability to manage changes in database.

4. Which framework would you use to create a webapp that publically displays images of beautiful landscapes?
	Bootstrap or Materialize

5. What is the name of an ActiveRecord class that represents a database table?

	ActiveRecord.
	ActiveRecord gives us the ability to work with data

6. What terminal shell application would I use to test out a new language feature in ruby?

	irb

7. ruby is to server side what javascript is to the ______ side.

	server

8. If you knew I wanted to search through a large list very efficiently, which of the algorithms we've learned in class would you use? What if the list was unsorted?

	Linear Search

9. What http method would I use in sinatra to define a route where I am updating a post?

	put

10. If you had to represent the relationship between several people standing on line for food at Jubilee, what data structure that we've learned in class would you use?

	Queues

11. What is the difference between a micro and full stack framework? When would you use one over the other? Be brief.

	For smaller projects we use micro framework which will not have much build in tools but it will give you more freedom.
	Sinatra, nodeJs.

	Fullstack framework comes with alot of build in tools which helps you get the job done faster but it does not give you much freedom.

	Ruby on raild. jango. laurabel. flask

12. A session works by storing a ______ on your computer?
	
	cookie and cookie is a file which is stored on user's computer.
	cookie has users login information such as id.

13. Templates are a powerful feature of sinatra because they allow us to do what?

	Allow us to addhere DRY principle. Don,t Repeat Yourself (DRY)

14. Reflect on your time so far in this course. If you had to name your proudest moment so far, what would it be?

15. How are you feeling today? :-D

	Excited







